AC-1062: canned responses (#1589)
livechat/livechat-public-docs: src/pages/management/configuration-api/v3.7/index.mdx

| `text`      | Yes      | `string`         | Canned response text content                         |
| `tags`      | Yes      | `array[string]`  | Array of tags                                         |
| `group_id`  | Yes      | `number`         | ID of the group the canned response belongs to          |
| `is_private`| No       | `bool`           | Whether the canned response is private; default: `false`  |

#### Response

| Parameter | Data type | Notes                        |
| --------- | --------- | ---------------------------- |
| `id`      | `number`  | ID of the created canned response |

<Code>

<CodeSample path={'REQUEST'}>

```shell
curl -X POST \
  https://api.livechatinc.com/v3.7/configuration/action/create_canned_response \
  -H 'Authorization: Bearer <your_access_token>' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  -d '{
    "text": "Thank you for contacting us! How can I help you today?",
    "tags": ["greeting", "support"],
    "group_id": 1,
    "is_private": false
  }'
```

</CodeSample>

<CodeResponse>

```json
{
  "id": 12345
}
```

</CodeResponse>

</Code>

### Update Canned Response

> Updates an existing canned response. All parameters are optional - only provided parameters will be updated.

Reviewer: i wonder if we should write that _all_ parameters are optional, considering that the `id` is not

| -------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Method URL                       | `https://api.livechatinc.com/v3.7/configuration/action/create_canned_response` |
| Required scopes                  | `canned_responses_write`                                                          |
| [Batch support](#batch-requests) | No                                                                            |

#### Request

| Parameter   | Required | Data type        | Notes                                                    |
| ----------- | -------- | ---------------- | -------------------------------------------------------- |
| `text`      | Yes      | `string`         | Canned response text content <sup>**1**</sup>                         |
| `tags`      | Yes      | `array[string]`  | Array of tags                                         |
| `group_id`  | Yes      | `number`         | ID of the group the canned response belongs to          |
| `is_private`| No       | `bool`           | Whether the canned response is private; default: `false`  |

> **1)** `text` is sanitized on creation, which may result in an empty input, which will cause entire request to be rejected as invalid.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**1)** `text` is sanitized when created. If sanitization removes all content and the input becomes empty, the system rejects the request as invalid.
```

| Method URL                       | `https://api.livechatinc.com/v3.7/configuration/action/update_canned_response` |
| Required scopes                  | `canned_responses_write`                                                      |
| [Batch support](#batch-requests) | No                                                                            |

#### Request

| Parameter   | Required | Data type        | Notes                                                    |
| ----------- | -------- | ---------------- | -------------------------------------------------------- |
| `id`        | Yes      | `number`         | ID of the canned response to update                      |
| `text`      | No       | `string`         | New canned response text <sup>1</sup>                                 |
| `tags`      | No       | `array[string]`  | Array of tags                                            |
| `group_id`  | No       | `number`         | New group ID for the canned response                     |
| `is_private`| No       | `bool`           | Whether the canned response is private                   |

> **1)** `text` is sanitized on creation, which may result in an empty input, which will cause entire request to be rejected as invalid.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**1)** `text` is sanitized when created. If sanitization removes all content and the input becomes empty, the system rejects the request as invalid.
```
